Bump version to 2.0.0 (#201)
dimagi/jsonobject: CHANGES.md

No significant changes since the last release

## 2.0.0

| Released on | Released by   |
|-------------|---------------|
| 2022-03-23  | @dannyroberts |

This is a major release because it changes behavior in a way that we regard as fixing an unintuitive behavior
but could technically be breaking if the previous behavior was relied upon.

- Assignment of a generator to a ListProperty property, which previously resulted in an error,

>   now results in the generator first being converted to a list. (https://github.com/dimagi/jsonobject/pull/200)

Author: @millerdev would you say this adequately describes the change in a way that's relevant to a user of this library? Is there anything inaccurate about it and/or anything you think should be added?

Reviewer: This is not quite accurate. Assigning a non-list value to a `ListProperty` still raises `BadValueError` (same as before).

> - Assignment of a generator to a ListProperty property, which previously resulted in an error,
>   now results in the generator first being converted to a list. (https://github.com/dimagi/jsonobject/pull/200)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reconstructing a list retrieved from a ``ListProperty`` by passing an iterable
  to the type of the list (``JsonArray(iterable)``) returns a plain Python
  ``list`` rather than raising ``BadValueError``. (https://github.com/dimagi/jsonobject/pull/200)
```
